# deluminator

Shed the light on your data!

# Overview

deluminator helps you exploring your data with SQL. You can create charts and
dashboard to share with your team. You can schedule reports or just play
around with your schema. Heavily inspired by
[https://github.com/ankane/blazer](blazer).

# Features

- No dependencies
- Lots of charts
- Realtime dashboards
- Easy chart sharing

# Docs

# Quick Installation guide

# How to contribute

Please refer to our [contributing guidelines]()

# FAQ

## What the heck is a deluminator?

I am a huge fun of Harry Potter so I picked the
[deluminator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magical_objects_in_Harry_Potter#Deluminator_.28Put-Outer.29),
one of my favourite magical devices from the series. It can be used as an
homing device.

# Code of Conduct

You are expected to follow the [following](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) code of
conduct when interacting with the projects via issues, pull requests or in any
other form. Many thanks to the awesome
[http://contributor-covenant.org/](http://contributor-covenant.org/)
initiative! 

# License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2016] [Luca Pette]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
